NARRATOR:
Previously on
Sons of Anarchy...
That boy that killed those kids
at school, he used the KG-9.
Ours?
Yeah.
WOMAN:
I'm willing to trade your murder
for five others.
Testify against the MC,
and you'll walk away.
Back to your legit business and,
more importantly, your son.
TARA: Did you talk to Gemma?
Yeah. Told her everything.
TARA:
I need a restraining order.
Thank you.
Wanna tell me
who needs restraining?
[GRUNTS AND SIGHS]
What are you doing
with Lowen?
What I do is
none of your business.
They're my grandkids.
I'll make sure they never suffer
the same fate as their father.
They'll not be raised
in Charming.
They'll not know this life.
They will not know their angry
and psychotic grandmother.
[GEMMA GRUNTS]
Lucky you're pregnant.
[SCREAMS]
GEMMA:
Jesus!
MAN: What the hell?
TARA: She attacked me.
[TARA GROANS]
GEMMA:
I didn't do that.
Yes, you did.
We all saw it.
TARA:
She killed our baby.
I don't ever want her
near our children again.
Promise me?
I promise.
[♪♪♪]
[JOHN MORELAND'S "GOSPEL"
PLAYING QUIETLY ON RADIO]
♪ I wanna be solid
As the earth ♪
♪ And cool
Like the night air ♪
[KETTLE WHISTLING]
♪ I wanna believe even though
I know life don't play fair ♪
[BABY COOING]
♪ I wanna wear my heart
On my sleeve ♪
♪ But be tough
When I have to ♪
♪ I wanna dust off the stars ♪
♪ And hang them on the wall
For you ♪
[SIGHS]
You should
eat something, babe.
Mm-mm.
I can't.
I'll take the boys
to day care.
You need to rest.
Thank you.
I have to check in
with the club,
but then
I'll come home, okay?
Mm-mm. It's okay.
I'll be fine.
♪ I wanna ask
All the questions ♪
♪ With answers
we'll never know ♪
Okay.
♪ I wanna find my faith
In records from long ago ♪
What are you gonna do
about Gemma?
♪ I wanna set fear on fire ♪
Don't worry about her.
Restraining order keeps her away
from you and the boys.
Who's gonna bail her out?
I don't give a shit.
[SIGHS]
Black, lots of sugar.
The coffee.
Thanks.
Mm-hm.
Why am I still here?
Well, you haven't given
my sheriffs anything.
I need more information
before I process you.
You got everything
you need.
Eyewitness saw me kick
my pregnant daughter
in the stomach.
Is that how
it went down?
I'm the dirty biker whore
with a record.
She's the good doctor.
Does it really matter
what I have to say?
I need your statement.
Tell me what happened.
[SIGHS]
Jax's ex found out that
Tara was setting up a will,
some kind of legal shit
that would give custody
of the boys to a stranger.
Margaret Murphy.
Administrator.
Yeah.
I went down there
to confront Tara.
She baited me. Hit me.
I checked myself,
and I did not hit her back.
And she threw herself
on the edge of her desk
and started screaming that
I kicked her in the stomach.
Hurt that baby.
And the eyewitnesses?
[SCOFFS]
Margaret Murphy
and Wendy Case, Jax's ex.
They had to be
part of it.
I know how this sounds.
But why, Gemma?
Why would framing you be worth
causing her own miscarriage?
To keep me away
from her family.
I don't think
she was ever pregnant.
[THE BARBARELLATONES'
"BALLAD OF SEX WITH LURCH"
PLAYING ON RADIO]
♪ Put me on my back
I'm in heaven ♪
MAN:
Hey.
♪ Well, let's go ♪
[ENGINE STARTS]
[TONY JOE WHITE'S
"WHO YOU GONNA HOODOO NOW?"
PLAYING ON SPEAKERS]
Bagger's out back.
New plugs. All set, man.
Thanks, Rat.
♪ Kinda tall ♪
♪ You won't think twice ♪
BOBBY:
How's Tara doing?
She'll be okay.
♪ She like a panther
On the prowl ♪
How are you?
I don't need
to talk about it.
Aye.
JAX:
Happy and Juice get back?
Yeah.
Yeah, Juice is on his way.
Look, the shit
that went down
between my mom and Tara
was crazy.
Well, it's not about that.
♪ Had a residence
Down in Covington ♪
♪ Knew she had a sweet tooth
So I bought her some ♪
JAX:
Get everyone here.
Chapel.
Aye.
You trying us in the court
of public opinion, counselor?
I have no control of
what the press gets ahold of
or how they spin it.
Right.
Has your client made up
his mind, Ms. Rodriguez?
You said 24 hours.
We still have some time.
Although it's just
media speculation,
I'm afraid
this unfortunate leak
is going to cause
a great deal of outrage.
It'll force me to satisfy
the people's need for action.
Which means diverting
a heavy police presence
into Byzlat territory.
That's good.
Maybe you can get our garbage
picked up on time.
This squeeze will jam up your
crew on every petty infraction.
Who knows? Maybe we even
pick somebody up
who doesn't have
your loyal fortitude
and feels the need
to save his own skin
by corroborating the story.
Then I guess
I won't need you at all.
[LOCK BUZZES]
Ms. Rodriguez,
you've got six hours,
I'd advise your client
to act sooner.
Giving up the Sons of Anarchy
is going to be a very popular
"get out of jail free" card.
[DOOR CLOSES]
[CURTIS STIGERS & THE FOREST
RANGERS' "THIS LIFE" PLAYING]
♪ Riding through this world
All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul
You're on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight
A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil's path
Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life
In the eye ♪
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
TARA: Morning.
Uh, morning.
Can you give me a minute?
Yeah, of course. Come on inside.
WAYNE: Hmm.
Can I get you anything?
No, I'm good. Thanks.
Where are the kids?
Oh, Jax took them
to day care.
I'm just, um, lying low.
Yeah. Of course.
Complicated time
for all of us, huh?
Yes, it is.
Just say it, Wayne.
I've been replaying how
it all went down yesterday.
Chewing at me all night.
I got you that restraining
order request before
everything happened.
Yes.
Coincidence?
Oh.
Part of the, uh, plan
you couldn't share with me.
I needed to have protection
in place.
We both know
she's dangerous.
So this attack of Gemma's,
causing the miscarriage,
that was all part of it?
Do you really wanna know?
I can't imagine
you'd do anything
that might actually
harm your own baby.
No, I wouldn't.
But all that blood--
What I did
gives me legal precedent
to separate my kids
from Gemma and the club.
I know how brutal it seems,
but it was the only way.
She could get manslaughter.
Well, I don't want that.
Well, then,
you better call Roosevelt
and tell him you ain't
pressing charges.
Even if I don't, the county
can still press charges.
I'll have Lowen call--
Gemma is locked in a cell
sitting with the weight
of a dead grandchild.
Appreciate you
making the call now.
I'll go talk to Eli, see if
they're gonna charge her.
I did it to protect
my kids, Wayne.
I know how much
you care about her.
I'm not upset
about Gemma, doc.
I'm upset about you.
Breaks my heart, that you had
to become something so wrong
to do what you thought
was right.
What are you gonna do?
I ain't gonna tell her.
But I'm afraid...
I can't help you no more.
[DOOR OPENS]
[DOOR CLOSES]
[SIGHS]
This is just a power play
by the DA.
They've got nothing,
so they're stirring shit up.
Yeah. Unfortunately,
it hurts us here.
It's the last damn thing
Charming needed.
JAX:
I know.
Talk to Hale,
let him know it's bullshit.
See if he can help.
TIG:
I'm more worried
about the Byzlats.
Man, they're
already unraveled.
Nero's inside, that shit
going down with Arcadio.
Aye. We should head to Stockton,
check in with Fiasco.
Make sure our brown brothers
are level.
Yeah. Okay.
Let him know we're coming.
Of course.
We got interviews today too.
Caracara girls.
I can handle that.
MAN:
Yeah, what? Yeah.
I'm manager of operations.
You totally
just made that up.
They won't know that.
How'd it go with Connor?
Okay.
Kings are keeping him
stateside.
Want us to start tying down
our buyers for Clay.
What Hap's doing.
Connor knows he's alive
because of us, Jax.
We talked a lot
on the way up.
He's... He's a decent guy.
I think he'll be onboard
when we make the shift.
Good.
I appreciate your concern
about my family.
You don't have to say anything.
I can feel it.
I love you all for that.
Now let's get to work.
Gemma doesn't think
she was pregnant.
Suggested Tara set her up.
I wouldn't know.
But you knew that Tara
wasn't gonna press charges.
I had a feeling.
Huh.
Anything criminal
on your end?
What would you have done?
Well, if no one pressed charges,
I'd handle it like a 10-16.
Let the family work it out.
Keep an eye on them.
That what I should do?
[CHUCKLES]
It's your jurisdiction,
sheriff.
Use your best judgment.
Tell Gemma I'll be downstairs
if she wants a ride.
And what makes you think
that I'm gonna cut her loose?
Uh, Tellers, MC.
They're so deeply woven
into the fabric of this town.
On some level,
you know, same way I did,
if you rip them out,
Charming unravels,
never looks the same.
[DOOR CLOSES]
WOMAN: What's going on?
MAN: I don't know.
TIG:
Juicy, let's take a walk.
Come on.
Looks like they're on one.
Mm-hm.
Yo. Any word about Nero?
Nothing.
That's what
this headline's about, man.
DA setting fires, hoping
someone on the street jumps.
Yeah, we almost there,
man.
Already got three dudes MIA.
Rest of these fools
are spooked.
I got the Triple Two's
circling, homey.
That ain't good.
Hey, listen.
We get you the manpower,
help you push back
the street beef. Good?
Yeah. That'll help.
Hey. We got something,
middle of the block.
One deep. Brown. Idling. Just
sitting there, staring at us.
A cop?
Gotta be.
By the looks of the ride,
it's probably Vice.
GOMES:
Shit.
That's what
they're gonna do.
Sit on us, wait for a mistake.
Yeah.
Look, you got this until
Nero gets out. You hear me?
It's on you.
We gotta keep shit tight here,
man. Both crews.
Gotta keep our guys
in line,
let everyone know
it all works out
if everyone stays even.
No one breaks, no one talks.
Got it?
Yeah, you got it.
He's rolling this way.
All right.
Business as usual.
Hey! Hey!
No! No! No!
JAX:
Jesus Christ.
Come on, man.
We gotta get--
Find something
to wrap the body.
Juice, Juice, come on.
FIASCO:
No! No! Gomes.
We gotta get out.
Come on, he's dead, man.
Come on, man.
Get off of me!
Who the hell was that?
JAX: I don't know, brother.
But we need
to get out of here now.
Hey, go get your car.
Put him in the trunk.
Are you serious?
TIG: Wrap him up.
You can't leave him on
the street. Let's go. Come on.
That was an old blue '84,
'85 LeSabre.
There's not a lot of
those cars around, man.
All right, man. Hey, I need you
to stay with these guys.
Take Gomes to Skeeter.
And then you put the word out.
Find that car.
Jackie.
You should head home.
Go see your wife.
We got this.
I'm good, brother.
Hey, hey. Go.
Let me take care of this.
I'll call you the minute
we hear something.
Go on.
All right, man.
Hey, thank you.
How'd you know
I was getting out?
Didn't know for sure.
What did Eli say?
Tara wasn't
pressing charges.
He's still conducting
his investigation.
Suggested I stay close.
I may not have
earned this, Wayne.
But I wanna know the truth.
I promise
I won't turn it on you.
Did you know about any of this?
No.
I just know she's just
doing what you would do.
Protecting her family from--
Tara framed me
for killing her unborn baby.
That pregnancy was bullshit.
You know that.
You want the truth
or not?
Your control over
those boys, your family.
It ain't healthy.
I'm doing what
any mother would--
Just let me finish.
What drives you
is bad history.
It ain't real.
And it ain't what's best
for those boys.
I'm sorry
this happened to you. I am.
You got a lot of love
in you, Gemma.
Sweet, deep love.
I've seen it.
But it's so wrapped around
secrets and hate,
I don't know if you can
find it anymore.
So, what I...?
I just let her
destroy my life,
take away my family?
Is that the payback
for all the secrets and hate?
You got a couple roads
in front of you, sweetheart.
One of them is real slow
and probably
very uncomfortable,
but eventually leads back
to those boys.
And the other one?
It's the road
you're already on.
Judge filed
your restraining order.
It'll be served
at Gemma's house today.
And the custody waivers,
they in place?
Yes.
With the case we've built,
I doubt any court
would award custody
to Jax or Gemma.
Good.
I have to ask you--
So this is...
This account is from
the sale of my father's house.
So I'll still be able to pay you
when we file against Jax.
That is not what
I was going to ask.
I know. But that's what
you should be focusing on.
Doing your job.
I need full disclosure,
Tara.
That's how
I can defend you best.
Plausible deniability
and payment
is how
you defend me best.
You should go.
Tara, I know what you did--
You can
show yourself out.
[DOOR CLOSES]
[SOBBING]
Stop it.
You stop it.
Send him in.
WOMAN [OVER PHONE]: Yes, ma'am.
TYNE:
Thanks for coming
to see me, Charlie.
The least I could do,
you springing for
the private car and all.
I assume you've read
the bad news
about your business partners.
Yeah.
Some very creative coverage.
Harvey Levin would be proud.
This is a proposed redistricting
of our city resources
to cope with
our current fiscal issues.
It's my request
for law enforcement.
This puts the port
under the jurisdiction
of the Sheriff's Department.
Which means your cronies
have to find another way
to supplement
their paychecks.
I know I'm just
an old, dirty dinosaur.
Probably just half as smart
as I think I am.
But I doubt you'd be giving me
a heads-up about all this.
Which means, currently,
that's just a threat.
An hour ago, a homeless couple
out by the old Hobart plant
saw a bunch of gang members
and guys on motorcycles.
They fit a familiar profile.
Then one of them ran down
one of the bangers,
crushed him, dragged the body.
Threw it into the trunk of a car
and they all took off.
I want you to find out
who it was and why it happened.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
Gloria Rodriguez on line two.
Said it's urgent.
Okay. Show Mr. Barosky out.
We're done.
What if I can't
find anything?
Then this is
no longer a threat.
It's a heads-up.
Tara?
Babe, you home?
[PHONE BUZZING]
[PHONE BEEPING]
Hey. You on a burner?
Yeah. What's going on?
Patterson pulled me
into her office.
I'm in a men's room now,
stalling
before my police escort
takes me home.
About the headline?
That and the hit-and-run
this morning.
Jesus Christ.
She's threatening to bring
the sheriff to police the port.
That steps on everybody's game.
What does she want?
For starters, that driver
who ran down your banger buddy
this morning.
What does she know?
Nothing.
She just knows it happened.
She wants me
to fill in the blanks.
Listen, I'm swinging in
the breeze here, Handsome Jack.
I gotta give her something.
You owe me one.
My guys are looking
for the driver.
I need him.
I'm heading there now.
I'll let you know
when we get a hit.
Get it soon.
Hey.
I was looking for Tara.
She's not here.
What do you want?
I was there yesterday,
at the hospital.
I just wanted
to check on her.
You don't need to do that.
And don't come
to this house again.
What are you gonna do?
Bang another speedball
in my arm?
I'll do
whatever I have to do.
I don't doubt that.
Look, Jax, I know how much
you love your sons.
And I know everything you do,
good and bad,
is about
taking care of them--
Not really looking
for your approval, Wendy.
I'm not the enemy,
Jax.
I want the same thing
you want.
You don't know what I want.
For your son to grow up
without hate in his heart.
That's what I want.
I'm tired of being hated.
[LOCK BUZZES]
Where's Ms. Rodriguez?
I told her I needed
to talk to you alone.
You don't have time to play
this game, Mr. Padilla.
No game. I'm ready.
I'm ready to give up
the source of the KG-9.
I'm listening.
You know about my son,
Lucious?
Yes. I'm aware
of his condition.
His condition.
I want him moved to
the best facility in the state.
He gets the best care available
for the rest of his life.
I can arrange that.
I wanna end up someplace
near him so he can visit.
If you cooperate,
he won't have to visit you
in jail.
Yeah, he will.
It wasn't Teller
who supplied the gun.
It was me.
I bought the KG-9
off the street.
Some journeyman dealer.
Never seen him before.
I gave it to Darvany Jennings
for protection.
Matthew
must have found the gun.
I'm responsible for
the death of those children.
[CHATTERING]
[DOOR CHIMES]
Hey.
Hi.
RAT:
You looking for Jax?
TARA:
I guess.
Um, he had to head
into Stockton.
Just stay for a minute,
all right?
I got this, Rat.
All right.
Hi.
Really good to see you.
Yeah. You too.
I don't wanna interrupt.
Oh, no, I need a break.
The IQs are overwhelming me.
TARA:
Looking for a counter girl?
BOBBY:
Yeah, something like that.
You mind?
No. Please, go ahead.
How are you feeling?
All right, I guess.
A little sore.
I don't know what happened
between you and Gemma.
It's none of my business.
But I do feel like
I know you both pretty well.
And if there's anything
you need me to do...
I appreciate that.
It'll work itself out.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah. Always does.
Do you think he can do it?
Move Samcro into
legitimate business?
It's always easy to move.
It's just hard to stay there.
You know, Jax is still trying
to figure out how to be king.
When he settles into that,
he'll do what's best
for the club.
The run we've been on
the last couple of years,
almost any direction
is a better direction.
Do you think he can do it?
It doesn't matter what I think.
I'm just an old lady.
Thanks.
Look, doc.
Don't give up on him.
Jax is someone who needs
to be with someone.
Always been that guy.
We're up against it here.
I honestly don't know
if we're gonna make it.
But he ain't got a chance
without you.
We found the car, Jax.
Down there, end of the block.
JAX: Do we know who?
Well, he ain't a cop.
Local dude.
Guess he used to roll
with Camino Muerto.
Yeah, and they ain't been
around for years.
You think he's working OG
for someone else?
CHIBS:
Nobody knows.
But we got a problem.
Fiasco put the call out.
Oh, shit.
TIG:
Yeah. They wanna knock
the door down
and blow his brains out.
You know what, maybe we should
back away from this one.
JAX:
No. There's a better way.
DA pressed Barosky about
the hit-and-run this morning.
Threatening to undo
his port control
if he doesn't
give her something.
All right,
so he gives her the driver.
But we don't even know
who this guy is.
JAX:
Whoever he is,
it ain't about us.
Barosky feeds it to the cops,
puts this guy
out of commission,
we keep our relationships
intact.
CHIBS:
Aye, makes sense.
What do we do about the, uh,
three amigos over there?
JAX:
Nothing.
Just keep them calm
till we hear sirens.
All right.
[CLEARS THROAT]
MAN:
What's up, man?
Here you go.
Ah, Lieutenant Roosevelt.
Moore tells me you picked up
Teller's mother
on a domestic last night.
Yeah.
What happened?
Family dispute got physical.
Doctor Knowles miscarried
in the attack.
Jesus.
Are these people
just godless?
I don't know.
[SIGHS]
Here's the report
from Lee Toric's hotel room.
They found trace DNA
from blood on the linoleum.
It belongs to Erin Byrne.
Toric killed her. Not Nero.
That's very sad.
We meet the end we deserve,
I guess.
ELI:
Heh, yeah.
So do you want me
to cut loose Padilla?
Nero Padilla admitted
to supplying the gun
to Darvany Jennings
this morning.
And the MC?
No. He said he bought
the KG-9 on the street.
You know he's lying.
About where
he got the gun, yes.
But Padilla's far from innocent
in this crime, Lieutenant.
I get that.
But you're leveraging
a confession
with a bogus murder charge.
You don't think his lawyer's
gonna look at this report?
She'll get him
to claim coercion.
They'll throw out
the confession.
I'm putting
together a deal
that will give his son
a better life
in return for
his full admission.
And that makes it okay?
He's a man
looking for a penance.
And I'm gonna
give him one.
That's my job.
To look at the greater justice.
That's what this is.
Yeah. Okay.
What happens to Mrs. Teller?
I cut her loose for now.
You think that's wise?
The facts were unclear.
Things didn't add up.
I guess I was looking
at the simpler justice.
Guilty or not guilty.
You have a good day.
All right, Barosky's gonna
feed the intel to the DA.
We should clear out.
What's this about?
Shit, they're taking him.
Hey!
FIASCO:
Let's go.
MAN: We got him.
JAX: Fiasco!
Fiasco!
Bro, what the hell
are you doing?
We need to bounce now!
This ain't your business.
This guy's a dead man.
[SCREAMS]
[ALL SHOUTING]
MAN:
Get on that bitch.
FIASCO:
You see that face. Look at me.
Do you remember me, huh?
You jacked with the wrong group.
Stop!
FIASCO:
I'm gonna put a hole
through you.
Look in my eyes! Look at me!
I said, stop!
No! Hey, hey!
His kid was at the school.
What the hell
are you talking about?
His kid!
[PANTS]
What?
Is this your boy?
It was. You piece of shit!
You guys gave that freak
the gun!
He killed my baby boy.
Oh, shit, man.
JAX:
Look, man.
We just found out the cops know
about the hit-and-run.
They're on the way here now.
You wanna kill this guy,
house full of evidence?
Your car is parked outside.
[BREATHING HEAVY]
Shit. So now what?
We just let him go?
His baby boy was gunned down,
brother. Dead.
He blames us for that.
What would you do?
Goddamn headlines
did this, man.
[MAN GROANS]
TIG:
It's for your own good.
Let's get out of here.
CHIBS: Aye.
FIASCO:
Move.
CHIBS: Come on, come on.
TIG: Let's go. Come on.
I'm sorry.
[SIREN WAILING]
Drop the knife.
Sir, put down the knife.
OFFICER 1: You heard him.
OFFICER 2: Listen to me.
Sir, don't stand up. Sir!
Drop the knife!
OFFICER 1:
Put it down now!
[GROANS]
Shit.
OFFICER 1: James, get an RA!
OFFICER 3:
Get a medical response
right away. On the radio.
Goddamn it,
give me a towel!
OFFICER 1: EAT?
OFFICER 3: Five out.
Let's go.
OFFICER 1:
This is 42, we're on scene.
Checking through the house.
OFFICER 2:
He stabbed himself. He's dead.
Goddamn it.
Give me that.
OFFICER 1:
Check out back.
Oh, my God.
I--I didn't know
you would be out yet.
I'm out.
Can we, uh,
go inside and talk?
[SIGHS]
Just do whatever
you're gonna do, Gemma.
What did she promise you?
Some kind of custody,
visitation deal?
Does it really even matter?
I'm the one who's supposed to be
hopeless here, sweetheart.
Was any of it true?
The newcomer attack?
Heh, wow.
Tapping into
my rape rage to bond.
Brilliant.
Your idea or Tara's?
I'm not gonna do this.
Oh, it's too late
for that, darling.
It's already done.
Tara's very smart.
Very ambitious.
But she's not blood.
I don't know how,
but eventually
Jax is gonna realize
what she's done.
And the question
for you is,
when he finds out the truth,
what side of the fence
do you wanna be on?
I'm starting to realize
that I lose either way.
Oh, no, it doesn't have
to be that way.
You backed the wrong horse.
I'm giving you a chance
to change your bet.
Help me prove what she's done.
[SCOFFS]
Then what?
You'll be the one who gives me
time with my son?
No.
I'll make sure Jax
doesn't kill you.
Think it over.
Gemma.
You should take this.
[GEMMA SIGHS]
Take that too.
Please.
[SIGHS]
You're gonna have to get rid
of that on your own, sweetheart.
Prove to me
that you can be trusted
to be a good mommy.
[DOOR OPENS]
[DOOR CLOSES]
[SOBBING]
We had no idea
who the guy was.
Patterson's gonna want
my balls in a paper cup.
I'm sorry.
[CHUCKLES]
Eh, it serves that bitch right.
This shit's on her, man,
leaking that story.
Kind of wish I was there
to see her face.
So, what are you gonna do?
Play her game. She may
wanna cut off my balls,
but she knows
I know the truth.
This is one headline
she ain't gonna want leaked.
"District attorney
forces victim's daddy
to slit his own throat."
It's very catchy.
No worries.
You did good, pres.
Yeah. Charlie.
What did you do with Alice?
The thing that should happen
to every pedophile.
Chopped, burned and buried.
I shouldn't have
killed her.
BAROSKY:
Don't worry, kid, I'm not
gonna use it against you.
Unless I have to.
[ENGINE STARTS]
Let's go home,
my brother.
Yeah.
What are you doing here?
I know.
I got the restraining order.
But I just had to see you.
I've got nothing
to say to you.
But I gotta say this to you.
I did not hurt Tara.
I didn't cause
that miscarriage.
I would never--
You're a liar.
And you're
a sick, twisted bitch.
You hate me all you want,
but I'm telling you the truth.
Let this eat
into your brain, Mother.
You're never gonna see
my wife.
And you will never
see those kids again.
Grandma is dead.
[WENDY GROANING]
This your deal for Lucious?
I want my lawyer here.
Open it.
NERO:
What is this?
Trying to right by your kid?
I wanna do right by these.
I am doing the right thing.
You're not.
You're too proud, too stupid
to do the right thing.
If you cared about these kids,
you'd tell me the truth.
I ain't saying another word
to you without my lawyer.
You don't need a lawyer.
Toric killed Erin Byrne.
You hold on to these.
And you think about them
every time you visit Lucious.
And know that if we believe
in the same god,
debts will be paid.
[LOCK BUZZES]
He's free to go.
[CHUCKLES]
Do you ever regret it?
Coming back?
A lot of things
I'd do differently.
[SIGHS]
But, no.
He makes it all worth it.
Do you?
Sometimes I wish you'd come back
five years sooner.
Or five years later.
I'm lost here, Tara.
I'm trying to put it
back together, but...
I don't know if I can.
I know.
I just feel so far away
from you now.
I know that's my fault.
Please just tell me,
how do I get back?
I'm not sure.
Babe.
Please let me back in.
[♪♪♪]